
We modeled our front end of pset7, with forms linking to files that render forms.
We used bootstrap to style our representatives page into three horizontal divs because it looked
clean. 
As for the backend, we took into consideration what we wanted our website to do.
The goal of the website is to lower the effort barrier for constituents to keep track of
 how their representatives vote. As such, we wanted to get them to the voting record in 
 a very easy and intuitive way. We decided to use the Google Civics API and the govtrack API 
 for this purpose. The Google API lets us get from address to representatives, and the govtrack
 API lets us get from representatives to voting records and bills. A lot of the effort was spent
 figuring out how to use the apis and how to get them to line up. For example, a key part
 of the project was matching up first names and last names of representatives in each 
 API. Thus a lot of checks were needed to ensure that the right representatives were found
 Unfortunately they were not formattted in exactly the same way so we had to take
 that into account. We decided against trying to make a myseql table for the representatives
 even though the running time might be faster because we wanted to spend more time on other
 aspects of the project like figuring out how to  get the voting record and bill information fucntiosnworking
 . We decided we could try and improve the runnning time of everything later.
 	Another aspect of our design was to try and minimize API calls and not call them excessively
 in one method. We considered not even calling Govtrack API of representatives every time
 and instead just saving a json file locally  that would update every so often. 
 	We purposely left some unused key value pairs in arrays such as email because we are interested in using
 	them in the future to implement new features, like sending an email straight to a representative or 
 	representing our information in a different manner. 
 	
 	Also, if a picture is not available for a representative a cat shows up. This was an 
 	arbitrary design decision. If the link to a picture was bad from the API, it shows up as blank.
 	