Documentation for Politickr.us

This code is the code behind politickr.us. It is very similar to pset7 
in that it is written in PHP consists of multiple pages that get passed values by forms
and renders pages.As such, you can probably run it in the appliance in the same manner
in which pset7 was run. I am personally running the website on MAMP outside of the appliance
and it is also being run on the Dreamhosts servers, accessible at politickr.us . 

The first page you will see will be the homepage of the website. index.php is the homepage,
it renders homepage_form.php. Homephage_form.php contains a button that is a link to search.php.
search.php renders search_form.php which has a field for an address. Search_form.php sends this 
address to indexform3.php. Here the first function, getReps() which is contained in functions.php
in the includes folder is called. getReps takes in a string address and sends post request containing
 the address in the request body to the Google Civics Representatives API. The Google Civics API then returns a 
 json file that contains, among other things, the names of the person's representatives. I convert
 this json file into an array of arrays and track down the names of the two senators and representative.
After getting the names of the representatives, I make a get call to the Govtrack Representatives API and
find where those representatives are located in the Govtrack API. I search by comparing first names and last
names and the state they represent, taking into account discrepencies of nicknames and suffixes. Once located,
I add a few more key value pairs to the representative array. After all the representatives have been found
I create an array of representative arrays and load the senators into keys 0 and 1 and load the representative into
key 2. I return this array.

Index then displays this data by printing it out, so that you see your representatives pictures and 
other biographical information. When printing out this information, index makes the pictures and the names
of the representatives link to display.php. Display.php calls getVotes(). getVotes takes in the Govtrack id
of the representative that was clicked on and sends a get request to the Govtrack vote_Votes
API for the last 600 votes in the representatives voting record. This json file is converted into 
an array object. display.php then renders display_form and passes this objct to display_form.
Display_form.php prints the bill title(question) and yes/no value for each vote into a table. The bill title
links to bill.php and passes a bill id and the amount of yes/no votes by others via a get method to
bill.php. Bill.php calls getBillInfo, and renders bill-form.php, passing in bill information. Bill_form.php
prints out this passed information.